update(configuration): Add new `vm_mon.process` config items (#2797)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/configuration/configuration.md

When the percentage of the current number of processes in the maximum number of processes falls below `vm_mon.process_low_watermark`, an alarm will be triggered. The maximum number of processes is determined by the `node.process_limit` configuration item.

### vm_mon.process_long_msgq

| Type    | Default |
| ------- | ------- |
| integer | `80`    |

#### Description

An alert will be triggered when the message queue length of a process in EMQX exceeds this value. Setting it to `0` will disable the alert for the message queue length.

### vm_mon.process_alarm_top_n

| Type    | Default |
| ------- | ------- |
| integer | `5`     |

#### Description

> When an alert is triggered, the alert message will include the top `N` processes with the longest message queue lengths.

Reviewer: non-zero message queue

> When an alert is triggered, the alert message will include the top `N` processes with the longest message queue lengths.

Author: ```suggestion
When an alert is triggered, the alert message includes the top `N` processes with the longest message queue lengths, excluding those with a length of zero.
```
